Docs revamp! (#705)
grafana/tempo: docs/tempo/website/getting-started/example-demo-app.md

# Examples with demo app

> If you don't have an application to instrument at the moment, fret not!
> A number of [examples](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/tree/main/example) have been provided
> which show off various deployment and [configuration]({{< relref "../configuration" >}}) options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have an application to instrument at the moment, then refer to the [examples](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/tree/main/example) 
which show various deployment and [configuration]({{< relref "../configuration" >}}) options.
```

The linked folders contain example deployments of Tempo.  They are a good resource for getting some basic configurations together.

## Docker Compose

The [docker-compose](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/tree/main/example/docker-compose) examples are simpler and designed to show minimal configuration.  This is a great place
to get started with Tempo and learn about various trace discovery flows.

- [local storage](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/tree/main/example/docker-compose/readme.md#local-storage)

>   - At its simplest Tempo only requires a few parameters that identify where to store traces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- At its simplest, Tempo only requires a few parameters that identify where to store traces.
```

- [s3/minio storage](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/tree/main/example/docker-compose/readme.md#s3)
  - To reduce complexity not all config options are exposed on the command line.  This example uses the minio/s3 backend with a config file.
- [Trace discovery with Loki](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/tree/main/example/docker-compose/readme.md#loki-derived-fields)
  - This example brings in Loki and shows how to use a log flow to discover traces.

## Tanka

> The jsonnet based [example](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/tree/main/example/tk) shows a complete microservice based deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Jsonnet based [example](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/tree/main/example/tk) shows a complete microservice based deployment.
```
